fix: typos (#1568)
centrifuge/centrifuge-chain: docs/runtime-upgrade.md

    - Click on **propose**

> 1. Voting phase. You should make 3 votes in favor of 3 different people (modify the CFG amount before to a low number).

Reviewer: That correction is not actually correct, since the desired semantic here is that 3 different accounts vote `Aey`, note that someone "should make 3 votes in favour of 3 different people".

```suggestion
1. Voting phase. Three different account should vote in favour of the proposal (modify the CFG amount before to a low number).
```

Reviewer: I'm also not sure we need 3 separate 👍 , 1 should be enough? 🤔  cc @wischli

Reviewer 2: > I'm also not sure we need 3 separate 👍 , 1 should be enough? 🤔 cc @wischli

Our local chain specs setup 4 genesis council members

https://github.com/centrifuge/centrifuge-chain/blob/0387385954349e3ca8b2c4d84e4e17b16bbbc5db/src/chain_spec.rs#L541-L543

Since both proposing an external referendum as well as fast-tracking requires at least half of the council, two votes would suffice. I suppose this is a remnant of previously requiring at least 75% of the council.

On that note, our runtime upgrade scripts votes with three members:

https://github.com/centrifuge/centrifuge-chain/blob/0387385954349e3ca8b2c4d84e4e17b16bbbc5db/scripts/js/upgrade/index.js#L87-L93

Reviewer 2: The number of votes must match the threshold set when proposing. The document currently states 3 (75%) which is outdated
```diff
1. In Governance -> Council -> Motions, click on **propose motion**.
-    - At **umbral**, put `3` (a 75% of the total which is 4).
+    - At **umbral**, put `2` (a 50% of the total which is 4).
```

> 1. Voting phase. You should make 3 votes in favor of 3 different people (modify the CFG amount before to a low number).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Voting phase. The appropriate threshold of votes should be placed in favour of the proposal.
```

Reviewer: Following the discussion at https://github.com/centrifuge/centrifuge-chain/pull/1568/files#r1336927624, let's fix this to a more generic sentence that is correct for any of the runtimes and is semantically correct.
